What compliance?
Why? Okay, okay, okay.
Godfather, what's the matter with you?
Just received a call from the group's military experts
Said to cancel the group's investment contract in Tang Jiawan
What? What?
Is it because of him?
no.
Lord Zunshi said that it was ordered by Lord Sword Master himself.
Impossible Impossible
He is just a Li family wife
Xie turtle sells fried noodles
How is that possible?
How could it be a sword like Haoyue's legend?
Sir, yes
That's not possible.
My own brother, we are in the same family
I know exactly what he's like
Dad, do you think so?
He is honest in our house
Even when I was bullied, I kept giggling
A fool
How could it be the supreme lord of global civilization?
Yes it is impossible
I know very well what this inverse is
If he is the sword lord
How can my Li family still be in a prison in Yuncheng?
It has long been the top family in the world
Do you think there is a possibility?
Just like you don't think I'm important
I also don't think the Li family is important
Never helped the Li family at all
So the Li family has no future, stop pretending
Your own mother always knows, right?
He said you were impersonating
How can you be real?
Lord Zunlong, don't be fooled by him
But I just suddenly received a call from the headquarters.
Cancel the call for the Tang family to sign the contract
It can't be fake.
Oh.
I finally understand what's going on
How come?